README.md, before:

# Bricks for AbraFlexi

![Project Logo](social-preview.svg?raw=true "Project Logo")

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg)](stargazers)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg)](issues)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg)](LICENSE?raw=true)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Wow:&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FVitexSoftware%2Fphp-abraflexi-bricks)

Examples of how to use the [php-abraflexi](https://github.com/Spoje-NET/php-abraflexi) Library for AbraFlexi with EasePHP Framework widgets

Examples of using the [php-abraflexi](https://github.com/Spoje-NET/php-abraflexi) library for [AbraFlexi](https://flexibee.eu/)

Installation
------------

    composer require vitexsoftware/abraflexi-bricks

How to run?
-----------

1) composer install
2) cd src
3) modify config.php to use custom AbraFlexi connection
4) open the project URL in the browser

### What do we have here?

So far, a few practical examples intended for use in your applications - hence the name bricks/cihličky

# Classes in php-abraflexi/Bricks/

| File                                                           | Description                           |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| [Convertor.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/Convertor.php)        | Document converter
| [Customer.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/Customer.php)          | Customer
| [GdprLog.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/GdprLog.php)            | GDPR Logger with support for AbraFlexi
| [GateKeeper.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/GateKeeper.php)      | Checks if the user's company matches the document's company
| [PotvrzeniUhrady.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/HookReciever.php)| Class confirming received payment
| [ParovacFaktur.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/ParovacFaktur.php)| Invoice matcher

Examples in the [Examples](Examples) folder
===========================================

| File                                                           | Description                           |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| [common.php](Examples/common.php)                              | shared general functions
| [ConvertIncomeToZdd.php](Examples/ConvertIncomeToZdd.php)      | Converts bank income to ZDD and creates a link
| [XSLTimporter.php](Examples/XSLTimporter.php)                  | Imports XML via XSLT transformation
| [config.php](Examples/config.php)                              | Example configuration file
| [CurrencyExchange.php](Examples/CurrencyExchange.php)          | Functions for currency exchange in a record
| [getpdf.php](Examples/getpdf.php)                              | Returns PDF version of the document
| [parse-cmdline.php](Examples/parse-cmdline.php)                | Command line parameter parser
| [UpomenNeplatice.php](Examples/UpomenNeplatice.php)            | Sends reminders to debtors
| [webhook.php](Examples/webhook.php)                            | Endpoint for receiving WebHooks

Debian/Ubuntu
-------------

For Linux, .deb packages are available. Please use the repo:

```shell
sudo apt install lsb-release wget apt-transport-https bzip2

wget -qO- https://repo.vitexsoftware.com/keyring.gpg | sudo tee /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/vitexsoftware.gpg
echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/vitexsoftware.gpg]  https://repo.vitexsoftware.com  $(lsb_release -sc) main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/vitexsoftware.list
sudo apt update
sudo apt install php-vitexsoftware-abraflexi-bricks
```

Commit message:

Release v1.5.0: Customer class refactoring for PHP 8+ compatibility
Critical Fixes:

- Fixed fatal error in getUserEmail() with proper null handling

- Fixed inverted logic in insertToAbraFlexi()

- Fixed query builder in getCustomerDebts()

Improvements:

- Changed property visibility to private for encapsulation

- Added proper type declarations and null safety

- Added firma parameter to constructor

- Improved error handling and status messages

- Added setFirma() and getFirma() accessor methods

Documentation:

- Added CHANGELOG.md

- Updated README.md

- Updated debian/changelog

Co-Authored-By: Warp <agent@warp.dev>

README.md, after:

# Bricks for AbraFlexi

![Project Logo](social-preview.svg?raw=true "Project Logo")

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg)](stargazers)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg)](issues)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg)](LICENSE?raw=true)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/VitexSoftware/php-abraflexi-bricks.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Wow:&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FVitexSoftware%2Fphp-abraflexi-bricks)

Examples of how to use the [php-abraflexi](https://github.com/Spoje-NET/php-abraflexi) Library for AbraFlexi with EasePHP Framework widgets

Examples of using the [php-abraflexi](https://github.com/Spoje-NET/php-abraflexi) library for [AbraFlexi](https://flexibee.eu/)

## What's New in 1.5.0

- **Critical Fix**: Resolved fatal error in `Customer::getUserEmail()` for PHP 8+ compatibility
- Improved type safety and null handling throughout Customer class
- Better encapsulation with private properties and accessor methods
- See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for full details

Installation
------------

    composer require vitexsoftware/abraflexi-bricks

How to run?
-----------

1) composer install
2) cd src
3) modify config.php to use custom AbraFlexi connection
4) open the project URL in the browser

### What do we have here?

So far, a few practical examples intended for use in your applications - hence the name bricks/cihličky

# Classes in php-abraflexi/Bricks/

| File                                                           | Description                           |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| [Convertor.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/Convertor.php)        | Document converter
| [Customer.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/Customer.php)          | Customer
| [GdprLog.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/GdprLog.php)            | GDPR Logger with support for AbraFlexi
| [GateKeeper.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/GateKeeper.php)      | Checks if the user's company matches the document's company
| [PotvrzeniUhrady.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/HookReciever.php)| Class confirming received payment
| [ParovacFaktur.php](src/php-abraflexi/Bricks/ParovacFaktur.php)| Invoice matcher

Examples in the [Examples](Examples) folder
===========================================

| File                                                           | Description                           |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| [common.php](Examples/common.php)                              | shared general functions
| [ConvertIncomeToZdd.php](Examples/ConvertIncomeToZdd.php)      | Converts bank income to ZDD and creates a link
| [XSLTimporter.php](Examples/XSLTimporter.php)                  | Imports XML via XSLT transformation
| [config.php](Examples/config.php)                              | Example configuration file
| [CurrencyExchange.php](Examples/CurrencyExchange.php)          | Functions for currency exchange in a record
| [getpdf.php](Examples/getpdf.php)                              | Returns PDF version of the document
| [parse-cmdline.php](Examples/parse-cmdline.php)                | Command line parameter parser
| [UpomenNeplatice.php](Examples/UpomenNeplatice.php)            | Sends reminders to debtors
| [webhook.php](Examples/webhook.php)                            | Endpoint for receiving WebHooks

Debian/Ubuntu
-------------

For Linux, .deb packages are available. Please use the repo:

```shell
sudo apt install lsb-release wget apt-transport-https bzip2

wget -qO- https://repo.vitexsoftware.com/keyring.gpg | sudo tee /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/vitexsoftware.gpg
echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/vitexsoftware.gpg]  https://repo.vitexsoftware.com  $(lsb_release -sc) main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/vitexsoftware.list
sudo apt update
sudo apt install php-vitexsoftware-abraflexi-bricks
```
